How to play mini baccarat
The layout of the table makes it incredibly easy to start playing. The three main bets are placed one above the other, each one giving you a circle to place your wagers in. You can place stakes on all three at the same time with no restriction. That said, we do not advise doing this, as you will always lose more than you win. If you want to change a wager you already placed, you can do so in two ways. The first is to pick a blank coin, which removes all coins from a particular wager. Alternatively, use the Clear Table button to remove everything at the same time.

After deciding what bet you want to play, press the Deal button. At this point, the computer will automatically draw two cards for the player and banker hands. The two hands are then compared to each other in terms of value. A small textbox will appear on the side of each hand to tell you the results. Depending on what hands you get, there may be a need for a third card to be drawn.

Players who correctly guessed which hand was going to win earn a cash prize. A Bead Road table is visible in the bottom left corner, telling you what the last few winning combinations were. If you want to repeat the same bet as last round, simply click the Rebet button.

Extra features
Side bets are not a thing in Play’n Go’s Mini Baccarat. Not even basic ones like Perfect Pairs managed to make it into this game! We do not think this will be a deal-breaker for most punters out there. That said, there is no way to spice up your gameplay and payouts. You are limited to the core gameplay loop.

Payouts
There are three wagers you can make when playing Mini Baccarat: banker, player and tie. Banker is the most likely to win, which is why there is a 5% commission in place for it. If you bet on the banker and that hand wins, 5% of your winnings are taken. As a result, your payout for winning a banker bet is actually 0:95:1 instead of even money.

Of course, this means player hands are less likely to win, though not by a lot. Still, that minor difference is enough to make sure you get the full even money win if you bet on the player hand and it wins. Finally, there is the tie bet, which is the least likely one to win. However, in the off chance that you do catch it, you will earn a 8:1 reward.