Evolution Gaming No Commission Baccarat is a live casino table that removes the 5% commission paid on all banker bet wins. In order to adjust for the change, several other rules have been adjusted. The quality of the stream is top notch, as we’ve come to expect from Evolution Gaming. The dealers are also very friendly, constantly talking to players to keep them engaged.

The RTP for this game is 98.94%, the same as a standard round of baccarat. This release is played with eight decks in total. We have six side bets that players can play to increase their odds of winning.

How to play no commision baccarat
First things first is setting your bet. You do this by selecting a coin from the bottom of the board, and placing it on the side you think will win. A timer ticks down, telling you how long you have until bets are closed.

No Commission Baccarat gives you three options. Punters can wager on either the player hand (left) or banker hand (right) winning. There’s also a Tie bet, which only pays if the two sides are identical. Evolution Gaming has an awesome user interface, which tells us what bets other players have made, and how much money they’ve wagered.

If the banker has a hand value of six, they will win the round immediately. If you bet on banker and win while the total card value is six, you’re only paid 50% of the stake back. This is the change this game makes in order to make back the difference created by removing the 5% commission from banker bet wins.

Extra features
You can counter this change using the Super 6 side-bet. You’re only allowed to bet on it if you’ve already placed a main bet first. If the banker wins with the score of 6, you win the side-bet. Furthermore, you will win the side-bet even if you’ve bet on the player winning or for a tie to happen.

Punters also have three pair side-bets they can wager on. We have the player pair and banker pair side bets, which pay if the first two drawn cards are pairs. Player pair will only pay if the pair is on the player side, and vice versa. In contrast, Perfect Pair pays if either side draws two cards with matching values and suits. If you draw a Perfect Pair in both the player and dealer hands at the same time, you get the best win of all!

Finally, we have P bonus and B bonus side bets. They pay if their respective side forms a win with a natural eight or nine or by beating the other side with at least four points. If bigger the point difference, the better the payout of this particular side-bet.

