It may be blackjack’s simple premise that makes it so enormously popular—use the number values on a deck of cards to total 21. It’s often the “gateway game” that lures gamers in and it’s a surefire way to hours of entertainment.

Online casino blackjack as a game is no different from what you’d find on the Strip—aside from the fact that you can play blackjack in your pajamas (cocktail optional). There are some differences in etiquette in a real casino environment, however; so take advantage of the freedom online casino blackjack can offer!

Visit our casino Blackjack section to learn all about different online blackjack games or OnlineBlackjack.com to keep up to date with news related to blackjack.

Blackjack, or “21”, has a long and convoluted world history. It’s widely believed that the game originated in Spain, mainly because the first written references of the game were documented in a short story by Miguel de Cervantes (of Don Quixote fame). The game then was called “Veintiuna”, or “21”.

Despite its current popularity in this country, 21 was not a popular game when it was introduced in the United States.

To increase player’s interests, the fledgling casinos (called gambling houses) lured players to the table with bonuses and favorable odds—one such bonus was a 10-to-1 payout on a hand containing an ace of spades and a black Jack, what was soon to be called a “blackjack”.

While you won’t see such payout odds today, the name has stuck—even though a “blackjack” today could have no blacks or jacks at all.

Of course, to really play blackjack, the game can get a little more complicated than just adding cards together to create that magical 21 combination. There’s an entire vocabulary: hit, stand, split, double down, etc. It can get intimidating, particularly if you don’t know how to play blackjack.

Here’s everything you need to know about blackjack--how to play, how to win, and how to use strategy to win the most coin with each hand.

We’re with you every step of the way; just as it is part of a dealer’s job to help you learn the game, it’s our job to make sure you feel prepared to go to any online casino game and wager with confidence. While we can’t control the luck of the draw, we can give you a strategy to maximize the cards you’ve been dealt (a life lesson we could all use every once in a while).