European Roulette comes from Swedish developer Play’n GO, whose titles include Feline Fury, Super Wheel and 3-Hand Casino Hold’Em. This online casino game uses the standard European roulette wheel, which offers slightly better odds than the American equivalent. The wheel contains 37 pockets: The numbers 1 to 36, which alternate between the colors of red and black; plus a single zero pocket, which is colored green. You’ll see the usual grid displaying the numbers, and will find the familiar betting options of 1-18 and 19-36; 1st, 2nd and 3rd pocket 12s; evens and odds; and red and black.

How to play
If you’ve never played roulette online before, the game has a tutorial, but it will only explain the special features of European Roulette Pro. Don’t worry, though: Here’s a quick rundown on how to play roulette at a casino so you can get to grips with the game.

In this casino game, a ball drops into the spinning wheel when you click the “Spin” button. The game is backed by a random number generator that “decides” where the ball will land. To play the game, you need to choose where you wish to place your bet before you click “Spin.” If you’re lucky and the ball lands on your selection, you’re the winner!

Roulette has a broad choice of bets whose payouts relate to the odds of a successful outcome. Basically the greater the risk of the bet, the higher your payout – and vice versa.  For example, you can place a bet on red for a near 50-50 chance to win (neither red nor black would win if the ball landed on “0.”) This is the lowest-risk type of bet you can make (along with evens/odds and 1-18/19-36.) If you do manage to win, you’ll win the amount you wagered (as well as get your original stake back, of course.) Or you could choose to place a bet on any single number, let’s say the number 3, for a 1 in 37 chance to win… which pays out 35 times your wager if you’re lucky enough for the ball to land on it.

European Roulette Pro also offers various specific bets. These are located at the top of the table in a special betting area referred to as the “Racetrack”.