With the option to play the very best card and table games live directly from home there’s no need to drive to land-based casinos anymore. Software providers like Evolution Gaming have made it possible to gain even more enjoyment from beloved games such as the five-card Texas Hold’em poker game. With Live Casino Hold’Em, you’ll get to enjoy the highest quality poker fun and stand the chance to cash in on jackpot wins.

Theme, Sounds and Symbols
Evolution Gaming is dedicated to providing players with the ultimate online gambling experience. With their Live Casino Hold’em the idea was to attract poker enthusiasts to enjoy a quality game of poker alongside other players.

This poker game is beautifully designed with crisp and clear graphics and stunning video quality. All the action will take place at branded tables in their studio in Riga and is streamed in real-time, so you never miss one second of the action. The game is designed with an intuitive user interface to provide a better gaming experience. Most of the time a gorgeous female croupier will be taking the dealer seat and you’ll get to show off your gaming skills.

What truly sets Evolution Gaming’s live casino offering apart is their video quality. There are two different types of screens you’ll see depending on your internet connection speed, namely the full-screen desktop display or the classic view. If you’re looking for an optimal, one on one experience with the dealer it would be best to play at high-speed connection only. That being said, both screens offer a full and clear view of the table, card and betting options.

Game Mechanics
The Live Casino Hold’em game is extremely popular among poker players. Apart from smooth gameplay, there is also the aspect of knowing there are hundreds of other players joining in at the same time. Only in this game, you play against the dealer and not any of the other players.

The game starts with you having to place your bet. You can place one of three bets namely the Ante, Bonus Bet or Jumbo 7 Jackpot Bet. Your bet size can be a minimum of 0.5 or go as high as 2,000 on a single bet round.

The game is loosely based on Texas Hold’Em where players are each dealt two initial cards and then 5 community cards. The player that makes the best 5 card poker hand wins.