Blackjack is a classic game that has withstood the test of time and has remained beloved by players across the globe. With live casino variants, players can get the full VIP experience from the comfort of their own homes. Test your latest blackjack strategy on the best dealers from Evolution Gaming.

Theme, Sounds and Symbols
Evolution Gaming is considered the master of live casino games and their Live Blackjack VIP game shows why. This fast and slick blackjack game provides a real-life blackjack experience like no other.

You will be taken to a warm and dimly lit casino room with your blackjack table being placed in the middle of the table. The friendly dealer will introduce herself and welcome you to the table. While the rest of the room might be dimly lit, everything on the table will be clear to see.

This VIP live blackjack variant doesn’t come with a soundtrack but opts to give you the authentic casino experience. In the background, you will hear soft chatter coming from other tables as if you’re at a real land-based casino. It creates the feel of a busy casino floor that truly enhances the experiences.

The visual aesthetic is clean with no clutter and all betting bays clearly defined. All controls will be easy to read, betting limits are given and the cards are beautifully crisp and clear.

Game Mechanics
The blackjack table fills the full screen making optimal use of your screen, whether on desktop or mobile. The gameplay itself is smooth and easy to follow.

You are presented with three betting boxes and you select how many you would like to place bets on and to what value. As each box is a new bet you can play high in one and low in another, it’s completely under your control.

Your minimum bet is set at €50.00 per hand and can be increased up to €5,000 per hand. The stakes are high, but the winnings are even higher.

If you’re an experienced Blackjack player and find the standard play a little slow, there is the option to enable Fast Play in the menu which increases the speed at which cards are dealt and removed from the table.

There is also a Rebet button which will allow you to place the same bet as your previous round rather than having to place a bet on each of the three betting boxes again manually.