The Blackjack Supreme Multi Hand game is one of the most recommended as the development team presents a straightforward interface with everything you need. The table provides up to three hands for each round and even includes special options such as double up and splitting up to four times in each hand.

To boost your winnings even more, they have included a special perfect pairs side bet option that rewards when your hand has cards with matching numbers, colors, or matches perfectly for a win of 25 to 1!

The game forms part of the well-known OneTouch Gaming who offers a great selection of other popular casino games as well. They offer more tables as well as many great slots, which are also available in our free casino games. There are currently over 35 to choose from, including our favorites such as Steam Vault, Tiki Terror, and the somewhat similar Blackjack with Perfect Pairs.

How to Play Blackjack Supreme Multi Hand Slot
With the game loaded on your screen, you’ll find three betting positions in the middle of the table. You can wager on as many of these as you’d like, meaning you can bet on one, two, or even three hands in each round. To do this, click on the casino chip on the right-hand side and choose an amount ranging from 0.05 up to a maximum chip of 100.00.

The table limits reach up to 500.00 per round, which includes the total bet for each of the three and. Once you’ve placed your bet, press the green deal button on the inside to initiate the next round as the dealer places cards on the active hands. Starting on the right, each hand will provide its own options, which also appear on the right-hand side, which we look at in more detail under features.

Offer each round, you’ll find the game buttons on the right have changed, making it easy to place the same bet or even double up on the last wager. To learn more about the winning opportunities of the game and how it works, press the information button on the right. This provides all the settings and info through the various tabs on the right of the window that appears.