Live casino games give players the opportunity to get that real casino experience from the comfort of their own homes. Some variants like Live Baccarat VIP game from Evolution gaming allow you to play like a high roller and up the stakes for bigger winnings too.

Theme, Sounds and Symbols
Evolution Gaming has perfected the art of creating authentic live casino games that provide that real casino feel. While you might not be able to touch or feel the table, everything you see looks 100% real.

This table game starts with you being welcomed into the beautiful golden casino room. The lush green table felt contrasts perfectly with the soft golden colours of the room. Playing Live Baccarat VIP will make you feel like a true gambling VIP!

The dealer will be there to assist you in your gameplay and ask you to place your bets. In the background, there will be a smooth soundtrack to provide that calming vibe you’re after. The ambient sounds provide a sense of the hustle and bustle, giving the feel of a busy casino floor.

As a high stakes player, you want to open a game that makes you feel important, with its golden room design, beautifully lit lush green tables and clear sounds Live Baccarat VIP is it. All your betting limits, betting bays and necessary controls are clearly displayed. And the cards are easy to read and always displayed openly in front of you.

Game Mechanics
The baccarat table is placed in the middle of the screen with other VIP tables and the gold padded walls seen in the background.

To start the game, you will need a minimum balance of €6,000 just to sit down at this exclusive VIP table.

Playing on the table is limited to one player so no one is watching and you get to enjoy having an entire table to yourself. The table will be marked “In Use” in the lobby if someone else is already playing. The game comes with a Deal Now button which is active at all time so the game can go at the pace of the dealer or faster if you prefer it.

Your minimum bet is set at €1,000 per hand and can be increased up to €10,000 per hand. As it is a VIP table, the stakes are incredibly high, which also means the payouts will be even higher.

In this Live Baccarat VIP variant, you will have the option to request a FreeHand. This is basically where the dealer will deal a hand with no bets placed.