Rules and Features of Blackjack Classic
If you are not familiar with the basic rules of blackjack, let us fill you in. Players are playing against the dealer. The goal of both sides is to get closer to 21 points without going over that. Number cards are counted as their face value, face cards count for ten points, and aces can be either one or eleven points. Player are initially dealt two cards and they can then choose to draw more cards (hit) or stop at the current point count (stand). The goal is to have a stronger hand than that of the dealer, without going over 21. There are other rules, of course, but they vary greatly from one game to game to the next, so you are better off reading up on them from the game’s rules itself.

If you are about to play this NetEnt-powered Blackjack Classic online, you must know that it is a pretty standard game. However, that is to be expected, considering its name. In this variation, there are no side bets to play, other than the regular insurance and even money ones. The dealer must stand on all 17s and you can play up to five hands against them. When it comes to the splitting rules, you are allowed to split any initial pair, but that’s it; resplitting is not an option. With a split pair, you are free to double and hit as with a regular hand, unless you split aces, in which case, you are getting only one card per ace. All in all the Blackjack Classic online is absolutely perfect for those of you who are searching for an old-school classic blackjack game to play.

The Standard Basic Strategy Applies
The basic strategy for this game is the same that you would use for most 4-deck blackjack variations in land-based casinos. If you don’t know what a basic strategy is, that is the optimal decision-making algorithm that can decrease the house edge significantly. In this case, with optimal strategy, the house edge drops to merely 0.35%. So, with some luck, you could win some pocket change from the game. Of course, to lower the house edge that much, you will have to make no mistake whatsoever. Thankfully, this is not a live or multiplayer game, so you can take as much time as you want to read the chart.