How to play
The standard design of this title makes its gameplay very simple even for novice gamers. Luckily, its simple interface makes it perfect for players to come up with a winning strategy. You’ll have to select a favorable bet range before starting your wheel spins. You can do that by using either of the available bet options displayed next to the wheel. They include at least €0.20 to a maximum of €20 for inside bets and €400 for outside bets.

As it’s the norm, your goal is to predict where the ball is likely to land after dropping onto the spinning wheel. You must then select the chips that you want to gamble and your preferred betting square on the table. We’ll show you all the available bet types in the next section. The game allows you to undo your last bet, use autoplay, or double your stakes with the 2x button. Even better, your placed bets won’t disappear in between turns. However, you can clear them by using the “clear bets” button below the gaming table.

To learn more about how roulette work, read more here.

Symbols and payouts
Similar to other European Roulette games, the Classic Roulette slot title makes use of 37 pockets. The pockets include 1 through 36 black, red, and one green zero pockets. You have the chance to wager both outside and inside bets in this game, determined by their positions in the betting table’s inner and outer tracks. The outside bets include High/Low, Red/Black, and Odd/Even. Each of these covers half of the number’s layout, depending on the factor on focus and pay equal 1:1.

The typical inside bet types include straight, split, street (three-line), corner, line, columns, and dozen. These pay 35:1, 17:1, 11:1, 8:1, 5:1, and 2:1, respectively. Their limits and odds vary depending on the specific stake placed. And, like in high volatility slots, the higher your odds, the greater the risks and awards.

The highest amount you can stake for the inside wagers is €20. Alternatively, you are at liberty to gamble up to €400 for the outside options. And regardless of how many stakes you place, all wagers cannot exceed €4,000. The biggest win possible from a single bet is a straight of €20 multiplied by the 35x payout at €700.

Best Classic Roulette bonus feature
Like we mentioned earlier, this title by Playtech is a basic version of European Roulette. It neither includes any Classic roulette free spins nor bonus features. Since the last stake placed isn’t removed automatically, you can simply continue playing with the same amounts for each wheel spin.

Nevertheless, the best setting that players could enjoy is the autoplay feature. While it allows you to set your preferred number of turns, you can also personalize how much you’ll allow your bankroll to reduce before the spin halts. Alternatively, you can even customize the function to stop when you win a certain amount of cash.

High rollers and seasoned players might not fancy this table game. But, it’s a fine choice for novices players owing to its straightforward design.

