How to play
Some people wouldn’t fathom the idea of hanging out with the deceased spirits’. In fact, in some parts of the world, it’s taboo! But, it doesn’t get any complicated to do so in this game. You expect to have a straightforward experience, thanks to its user-friendly platform. The Catrina: Amor Eterno slot plays across typical five reels with three rows and 25 pay lines. The control panel is in plain view below the reels.

Before visiting the tombstone, you have to appease the spirits with some coins. You can stake anywhere from €0.25 to €20 per visit by clicking on the “+” or “-” buttons next to the Bet field. As usual, the Max button sets the game at the largest bet possible. Use the revolving Spin button to turn the reels manually. Click on the “A” control to activate up to 100 automated games. The “i” opens the paytable, while the Menu functionality from the leftmost bottom reveals the rules.

Symbols and payouts
Upon loading the online title, you’ll see an animated Catrina standing on the left side of the reels. Up to eight thematic symbols will trickle onto the reels. If you’re curious, you can find them alongside their respective payouts in the Paytable. All winning combinations in Catrina: Amor Eterno work from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The most valuable combination per line pays out if the path has more than one prize. Coinciding wins add to different paylines.

The low pays come from a Whiskey Bottle, the Guitar, a Pinata, and a flowery Cactus. Obtaining three to five of a kind guarantees wins between 0.12 to 3.6x the total bet. Then, the Candle Lantern, a pink and blue Skull, and a Bouquet are the high paying ones. Landing at least three of the same will pay from 0.4 to 10x your current stake. Meanwhile, the Ring is the most valuable symbol paying up to 12x the set bet!

The regular payouts are quite decent. Even so, various special symbols will trigger extra features and modes. They include the golden heart-shaped Wild, a Sombrero “Bonus,” and the Calavera “Bonus.”