How to play Aztec Temple treasures
The reels are set in front of the ancient Quetzalcoatl temple, and the very feathered serpent is used as the Wild that can substitute for all regular symbols. Also, the deity will appear on the reels every time random Aztec Gods features are triggered. The Sun is the Scatter that triggers the Free Spins feature. When talking about regular icons, expect to see wild animals, like Leopards, Eagles, and Wolves. The long-lost Deity Statue is made from gold, while Corn was one of the things on the menu for Aztec people. Playing cards are used for low-paying symbols.

Even though Aztec civilization is not understood by many even today, 2 By 2 Gaming and Microgaming made sure that the rules of the game are as easy as pie, simply to allow all gamers to enjoy the 2019 release. Aztec Temple Treasures features five reels, three rows and benefits from 30 fixed paylines, which pay left to right, starting from the leftmost reel, with three of a kind being the minimum for landing payouts. Betting is fixed at 30 coins per spin, but the coin denomination can be altered, meaning that players can wager as low as $0.30 and as high as $30 per single spin.

Extra features
There are three random features, called Aztec Gold features, that can be triggered at any time in the base game and the Free Spins feature. Path of the Gods will make Quetzalcoatl move cross the reels and leave one or multiple Wilds on his path. The Heaven Ascension feature allows Quetzalcoatl to move up one or more reels to heaven and turn those reels on his path into Wild reels. Mighty God feature will make Quetzalcoatl expand the reels to 5×6 and add 30 more paylines.

Land 3, 4 or 5 Scatters on the reels to trigger 10, 15 or 20 free spins. During the Free Spins feature, Aztec Gods feature will be triggered more frequently, and 2 extra freebies can be added randomly.

Payouts
According to the legend, the mighty Quetzalcoatl will get you up to 1,600 times the bet in a single spin. Use the power of the feathered serpent in all Aztec Gods features and in the Free Spins feature to land hefty payouts. The deity is also the Wild, which is the highest-paying regular symbol, offering around 27 times the bet for five of a kind. Aztec Temple Treasures’ RTP is 96.03%.