Living out your very own fairy tale isn’t something that is often in the realms of possibility, but with Cinderella by Red Tiger Gaming, you can try the slipper on for size to see if it fits. As we’re players of multiple interests, we can’t help but get stuck into a themed slot such as this. Even more so when you’re dealing with software by Red Tiger; they’re such an experienced brand, even though they’ve only been around since 2014.

The youth of this brand is a positive more than anything, for it means that you have a contemporary set of minds all working to deliver the best set of bonus offers available. You can see this inside the two mini games given here, as well as the randomly triggered game features that grip the reels at any time. We’ve already had a test drive of this title, so we’re pretty much sold on the idea of how awesome it is, but we think it’s about time you real cash gamblers experienced it for yourselves.

The Princess Castle
What would a princess be without her castle? Even though most Disney heroines don’t begin with a castle, they soon find themselves owning one, usually beside their beloved prince. This is what can happen to all you play for real money punters, if you manage to connect a series of scatter symbols. We’re best being up front and saying how this could take some time, seeing as how there’s a medium to high volatility at work here. The RTP might be at a nice 95.35%, but that’s only a theoretical stat and so it might not work out that well for all players.

Once you’ve gotten your manicured hands on that castle, you’ll watch as the reels roll on through the free spins, with the rewards coming in thick and fast. What is more, during this time a different bonus will be provided upon every spin, meaning you’ll get a multifaceted playthrough like no other. This is an amusement with prizes that we can support, 110%.

By Royal Decree
Next up on the agenda of all you wannabe high rollers, sorry, we mean princesses, is to trigger the Ballroom Bonus. This is your means of grabbing some much needed multipliers, the likes of which can reach the heights of x800 of your max bet; talk about generous! Of course, as this is a casino slot machine, nothing is going to come your way for free, and so we need to make combinations.

All gamers need is a total of three scrolls and they’ll be given the chance to pick from the aged scrolls shown, each of the papers having a multiplier lurking within. To the left of this process, players will note bars that fill up each time you score a certain level of reward, with a full bar resulting in a crown. Once you’ve gotten all the money you can, the round will cash-out and return you back to the base activity. Nice and simple, short but sweet.