When Egyptian slots are made, they normally follow the story of famous pharaohs and the lives they led, with the offering at the end of it all being a lump sum of cash. Wanting to deviate from the norm and appeal to a wider market, Tom Horn Gaming has gone for an Egyptian theme with a mummy at its fore.

Despite them choosing to focus on the undead, you won’t find anything sweet or adhering about Black Mummy – he’s not to be trifled with when you approach the 5 reels. He’s been asleep for a thousand years, listening to the fall of footsteps of explorers trying to rob him of what’s rightfully his. Well no more. From now on he expects all who venture inside the tomb to work hard to uncover the goods.

The 5 winlines inside the grid may look modern and shiny, but they’re actually dressed up to fool you, for what you get here is a vintage experience: there are no bonuses or special features, only a wild symbol promising a link to the jackpot.

How to Play
As the paylines are frozen into place, players won’t be able to tailor the gameplay to their preferred settings, meaning that they either deal with the number given or move onto another game. In an attempt to appease users who dislike the lack of flexibility, Tom Horn have made their betting range very small, between 0.10 and 25 credits. This may seem like a lot to the untrained eye, but stake thresholds can be gross in their awesomeness, and so this is a welcome sight.

Continuing on with the cost of your bet, should you wish to play with the max amount of funds, you can do so by merely tapping the Max Bet button provided, rather than click through the various figures. It’s just a quicker way of gaming that cuts out the middleman. Also designed for speed is the Autoplay widget. The list of rounds enable you to determine how many spins you’d like to play without physically touching anything, which in turn makes it a more relaxed form of entertainment. The choices increase up to 100 waves.

Thereafter, customers don’t really have anything else to select in order to play, there are help sections and gaming rules, but they’re not necessary to read prior to playing. What is more, you can open them up at any time, even when in mid-spin.

